docs(PL-3291): add joy-generator test procedure (#77)
nestoca/joy-generator: README.md

# joy-generator

ArgoCD plugin for expanding joy releases for the ArgoCD ApplicationSet Controller.

## How-to roll-out and test updates

1. Update this repo and merge to master (triggering a build & /release)
    1. Note the new release version# from https://github.com/nestoca/joy-generator/releases

>     2. Ensure the same version is present in 

Reviewer: present in...(?)

2. Apply the newly released version in `infra`'s component `ArgoCD.configureJoyGenerator()`'s `devVersion` [here](https://github.com/nestoca/infra/blob/c25905374ec678ec21ce468cb00628b572f70838/pulumi/platform/components/ArgoCD.ts#L478)
    1. do `pu main preview-markdown` on `infra/pulumi/platform` as part of your PR/roll-out & merge, as normal
4. Test the new version

>     1. ℹ️ `devVersion` will be deployed to environments that contain `dev` in their name, `version` to all other envs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. ℹ️ `devVersion` will be deployed to `dev` environment, `version` to all other envs
```

Author: That's true today; I was aligning on the logic so that if someone creates an environment called `medevac` (😓), they can expect to get the `devVersion` of joy-generator.

Reviewer: You can link to the section if you want, just for reference. However, as I understand it, the selector matches the exact string `dev`, not substrings. Not super clear in [docs](https://argo-cd.readthedocs.io/en/stable/operator-manual/applicationset/Generators-Post-Selector/), but quite sure! 😉

Author: The default settings for [applying?] `joy-generator-config` is (`dev NotIn environment.metadata.name`): https://github.com/nestoca/infra/blob/e4a7fe8fd3aa11c5cba44f3e2a94258b7e208afc/pulumi/platform/components/argocd/catalog-env-releases.yaml#L28-L33

Which is copied, then flipped to `In` for `joy-generator-config-dev`: https://github.com/nestoca/infra/blob/e4a7fe8fd3aa11c5cba44f3e2a94258b7e208afc/pulumi/platform/components/ArgoCD.ts#L605

I guess the link I'm missing is from these `metadata.name` values to the env/project name(s)?

    2. Update the catalog (e.g. an [env-var in canary](https://github.com/nestoca/catalog/blob/bd549614d8ae932d92e43576031d288a8bba474d/environments/dev/releases/platform/canary.yaml#L80-L82)) & merge to master

>     3. Verify that the Env-var is present in ArgoCD's `Live Manifest` under [dev-canary > `rollout` > _latest_ `rs`(ReplicaSet) > `pod`](https://argocd.platform.nesto.ca/applications/dev-canary)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    3. Verify that the env-var is present in ArgoCD's `Live Manifest` under [dev-canary > `rollout` > _latest_ `rs`(ReplicaSet) > `pod`](https://argocd.platform.nesto.ca/applications/dev-canary)
```
